README.md, before:

#Lighthouse

(Formerly "*Beacon Enhancement Suite*", "*BES*".)

##Requirements

- [Google Chrome Browser](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/index.html "Download Google Chrome")
- NSW SES Beacon Account

##Purpose

Lighthouse is intended to augment the functionality provided by Beacon. It streamlines some common workflows, such as closing a job or tasking a job to a team, it also provides customised displays for use on screens in an Operations Room.

Lighthouse also provides an opportunity to test functionality or fixes before those changes are put to the Beacon development team for incorporation into the core system.

##Operation

Lighthouse is completely client-side. It stores no user data and runs cmpletely within the Chrome web browser. It is bound by existing Beacon management systems, such as user permissions, security checks and logging of actions within Beacon for auditing purposes.

Lighthouse simply interfaces with the same information and functionality as normal Beacon, just in a different (and hopefully more effective and efficient) way.

##Usage

A compiled stable version of the Lighthouse system is available through the [Google Chrome Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lighthouse/eheijalihofgiaoeanmnjceefmcpajnb "Lighthouse in the Google Chrome Store").

This version is updated when major changes are committed through the GitHub repository, and/or it is convenient ans safe to distribute an updated version.


A compiled developer version of the Lighthouse system is available through the [Google Chrome Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lighthouse-development-pr/jcmiinngebdojjbcjlpjpdhiankmjbda "Lighthouse Development Preview in the Google Chrome Store").

This version is updated when minor changes are committed through the GitHub repository, and/or there is something in the pipeline that we want to test on a wider audience.


##Development

Install:

- NodeJS and npm
- Gulp (`npm install -g gulp-cli`)

Build:
Run `yarn install` in the root of this repository. You then should be able to run `gulp`. The extension will be built into `build` and bundled into `dist`. Load the `build` directory as an unpacked Chrome extension and then execute `gulp watch` while developing to have gulp automatically rebuild JS/JSX as you edit the files.

Pull requests are welcome!

##Known Limitations

- All summary, statistics and export screens will only follow HQ and time/date filters, eg if you filter by job type then generate a summary it will be everything not just that job type.
- Lighthouse menu - If you are a region user it will only show your region, not all units within your region. You need to generate this screens from the Job Register to get around this.

Commit message:

Switch to webpack, modern node
* Builds with Node v18 using webpack
* Ditches gulp/grunt and friends.
* Updated README.
* Lots of cruft leftover, will address in future commits.
* Sort package.json

README.md, after:

#Lighthouse

(Formerly "*Beacon Enhancement Suite*", "*BES*".)

##Requirements

- [Google Chrome Browser](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/index.html "Download Google Chrome")
- NSW SES Beacon Account

##Purpose

Lighthouse is intended to augment the functionality provided by Beacon. It streamlines some common workflows, such as closing a job or tasking a job to a team, it also provides customised displays for use on screens in an Operations Room.

Lighthouse also provides an opportunity to test functionality or fixes before those changes are put to the Beacon development team for incorporation into the core system.

##Operation

Lighthouse is completely client-side. It stores no user data and runs cmpletely within the Chrome web browser. It is bound by existing Beacon management systems, such as user permissions, security checks and logging of actions within Beacon for auditing purposes.

Lighthouse simply interfaces with the same information and functionality as normal Beacon, just in a different (and hopefully more effective and efficient) way.

##Usage

A compiled stable version of the Lighthouse system is available through the [Google Chrome Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lighthouse/eheijalihofgiaoeanmnjceefmcpajnb "Lighthouse in the Google Chrome Store").

This version is updated when major changes are committed through the GitHub repository, and/or it is convenient ans safe to distribute an updated version.


A compiled developer version of the Lighthouse system is available through the [Google Chrome Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lighthouse-development-pr/jcmiinngebdojjbcjlpjpdhiankmjbda "Lighthouse Development Preview in the Google Chrome Store").

This version is updated when minor changes are committed through the GitHub repository, and/or there is something in the pipeline that we want to test on a wider audience.


##Development

Install:

- Node and NPM (tested with v18) `brew install node`
- `cd Lighthouse`
- `npm install`

Build for development:

- `npm start`
- The extension should now be built into `dist/`. Load this into Chrome with dev mode turned on.
- Webpack should automatically rebuild as you make changes but some changes won't take effect in Chrome until you reload the extension.

Pull requests are welcome!

##Known Limitations

- All summary, statistics and export screens will only follow HQ and time/date filters, eg if you filter by job type then generate a summary it will be everything not just that job type.
- Lighthouse menu - If you are a region user it will only show your region, not all units within your region. You need to generate this screens from the Job Register to get around this.
